Phase 1 - Create initial Infrastructure
1. Create new VPC
	a. Create 2 public subnets
	b. Create 4 private subnets
	c. Create 1 Internet Gateway
	d. Create 1/2 NAT gateway(s)

2. Create 3 Security groups for following:
	a. One is for Elastic beanstalk		- Inbounde - Provide only ALB access & Outbound - default
	b. One for RDS PGSql				- Inbounde - Provide only elastic beanstalk access & Outbound - default
	c. One for App load balancer(ALB) 	- Inbounde - open internet access & Outbound - default

3. Create New RDS
	a. Provide instance name and DB plateform as PGSql.
	b. Public access = No
	c. Provide master Username and Password and enable Password Auth required (In order to access the DB by app).
	d. Attached the above VPC and 2 private subnets from different availability zones.
	e. Attached the Security group created above.
	f. We can create EC2 instance to access DB from another/local machine by pem access. In order to see DB table and run queries manually.
	g. Can provide auto backup option during certain period.
	h. After DB creation it provide Host, username & password. We can save it in environment files or best practice is to save in Secrets manager.

4. Compress Node app
	a. Update the DB connection details in application from env file or Secrets Manager, like, DB host, username, password, port, DB name.
	b. Update the server port from env file.
	c. Create the zip file for the app and make sure to exclude node_modules, .git & .env folders etc.

5. Create Elastic beanstalk
	a. Create new Environment with app name and Env name.
	b. Upload zip file of Node app codebase. 
	c. Import or provide environment variables key-value pairs.
	d. Attached above VPC and 2 private subnets.
	e. Enable Load balancer to auto manage the traffic and provide above VPC and 2 public subnets.
	f. Attached Security group created above for EB & ALB.
	g. This process creates - App Env, S3, load balancer, Autoscaling group & its policies, EC2 instance, cloudwatch alarms, Load Balancer listener

6. Secrets Manager(Recommended)
	a. This can be created directly while creating the DB or post DB creation manually.
	b. Store all values for App and DB connection in a key-value pairs.

7. EB deployment troubleshooting
	a. Usually, while deployment we encounter failure due to bad request or npm installation.
	b. Goto Environment -> Logs tab -> Request Logs and downlod the last 100 lines/Full logs.
	c. Find the issue and fix accordingly and upload the app zip file again.

8. Can obtain the Domain to ping the deployed application.


Phase 2 - Automate the Deployment on Code push

1. Frontend & Backend both have monopoly git repo build or write buildspec.yml file with Backend path in mind.
2. Write a buildspec.yml file with node Runtime version, phases - install, build and store artifacts into S3 bucket
